Square of one point compactification of $\mathbb{Q}$ is not semi-Hausdorff (#1345)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000031/properties/P000169.md

---
space: S000031
property: P000169
value: false

> ---
> 
> Every neighborhood of $(\infty, \infty)$ is dense, and therefore every regular open neighborhood of $(\infty, \infty)$ is the entire space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
refs:
  - mathse: 5070817
    name: Answer to "Does the one-point compactification of $\mathbb Q$ have the fixed point property?"
---

Every neighborhood of $(\infty, \infty)$ is dense (consequence of Lemma 2 in {{mathse:5070817}}).
Therefore every regular open neighborhood of $(\infty, \infty)$ is the entire space.
```
